In react we basically have to create a react application and we can then start building our componenets and building your application
Overall, ReactJS provides a powerful and efficient way to build interactive and dynamic user interfaces for web applications. It has a vibrant ecosystem with a wide range of tools, libraries, and community support, making it a popular choice for front-end development.
React has componenet based architecture:
"React follows a component-based architecture, where UIs are composed of small, reusable components.
Components encapsulate both the structure and behavior of a part of the UI, making it easier to manage and maintain large-scale applications."




Certainly! Using npx along with create-react-app is a convenient way to create a new React application without needing to install create-react-app globally. Here are the steps to create a new React application using npx:

Open your Terminal or Command Prompt:
Open your terminal or command prompt application on your computer.
Run npx create-react-app:  //create-react-app is a utility
Run the following command to create a new React application:
lua
Copy code
npx create-react-app my-react-app
Replace my-react-app with your preferred app name.
Navigate to the Project Directory:
Once the installation process is complete, navigate to the project directory:
bash
Copy code
cd my-react-app
Start the Development Server:
Start the development server by running:
sql
Copy code
npm start
This command will start the development server and open your new React application in your default web browser. You should see a default React starter template.
That's it! You've successfully created a new React application using npx and create-react-app. You can now start developing your React components and building your application. The project directory contains everything you need to get started, including configuration files, dependencies, and a folder structure for your React components.

n summary, npm is used for managing JavaScript packages and project dependencies, while npx is used for executing Node.js packages directly from the npm registry without the need for permanent installation.



Create react app:Create React App is a command-line tool that helps you bootstrap a new React project with all the necessary configurations and dependencies set up. It provides a quick and easy way to start building React applications without having to manually configure build tools like webpack or Babel.
Vite:Vite is a modern build tool for web development, primarily focused on providing a fast and optimized development experience for front-end developers. Vite is a bundler
        Overall, Vite aims to improve the developer experience by offering a fast, optimized, and framework-agnostic build tool for modern web development projects. Its focus on speed and efficiency makes it a popular choice among front-end developers looking to streamline their development workflow.
        //We are learning to create react project using Vite

>>>>>The way of reading a folder/project that we have created using npx crate-my-app and vite is reading file called package.json in it.
While we created folder 01vitereact we need to install nodemodules package as it wasn't there so we went to 01vitereact and wrote a cmd called ***npm.install *** so packages left out will be installed